c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\obj\Debug\SportsPick.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\SportsPick.dll.config
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\SportsPick.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\SportsPick.pdb
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\obj\Debug\SportsPick.dll
c:\users\rbrown1\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SportsPick\SportsPick\obj\Debug\SportsPick.pdb
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\SportsPick.dll.config
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\SportsPick.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\SportsPick.pdb
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\obj\Debug\SportsPick.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\obj\Debug\SportsPick.dll
C:\Users\rbrown1\Documents\GitHub\SportsPick\SportsPick\obj\Debug\SportsPick.pdb
